// Patches Read.Me

Acceleration.syn
	This patch uses an oscillator to control the delay time on a delay unit,
	creating an interesting phase effect.

Bell.syn
	A chime sound, created via additive synthesis.  Similar to the Risset bell.orc
	included with CSound.

Bumblebee.syn
	A simple patch that uses FM on a turbulent waveform.
	
Choir.syn
	A patch which simulates a 16 voice male choir singing "ah".
	Illustrates use of the butterworth bandpass filters to create vowel formants,
	as well as the use of a random score module to "multiplex" a note with random permutations.

ClarinetFM.syn
	A patch illustrating simple FM synthesis, used in this case
	to create a clarinet-like sound.

ClarinetWS.syn
	A patch illustrating waveshaping synthesis, used in this case
	to create a clarinet-like sound.  Simlar to the Risset clarinet
	included with CSound.

Combo.syn
	A patch illustrating the use of multiple folders.
	WindPluck and Drones are combined.

Drones+Melody.syn
	A patch which illustrates the use of a random score module.

Drones.syn
	A simple patch which combines three fm-controlled oscillators.
	
HammerTest.syn
	A patch for demonstrating the HammerBank unit, for creating sustaining instruments.

Melody+Reverb+Turb.syn
	A random frequency melody oscillator is used to control a
	turbulence function, and then highly reverberated.

Melody+Reverb.syn
	Your basic "forbidden planet" patch.

MidiSting.syn
	Plucked sound instrument intended to be controlled from a MIDI score.
	
MinorDrone.syn
	Instrument that combines three signals to create a chord.
	
pluckpluck.syn
	An example of a score playing a score.  The instrument is the KP Pluck module.

plucktest.syn
	A simple test patch for the KP Pluck module.  The random score is configured
	to play an ascending chromatic scale.
	
prelude.sco
	A sample CSound score which was converted from a MIDI file.
	(Bach's Prelude #2 in C Minor from the Well Tempered Clavier Book 1)

	Used to test the CScore unit and MIDI functions.

prelude_pluck.syn
	A sample patch which plays the "prelude" score using a "Pluck" instrument.
	
QuietReverb.syn
	Example folder instrument - this one applies a quiet reverb to it's signal.

ScoreScore.syn
	Example of a random score playing another random score which in turn
	is playing a simple oscillator instrument.

	Considerable complexity results.

Shepard.syn
	Shepard/Risset Tones

Sting.syn
	Another kind of plucked sound instrument which is made by "zooming"
	into a fractal turbulence function.  Slower to compute than the Karplus/Strong 
	Pluck sound.

TestPhase.syn
	Phase shifting effect.
	
WindPluck.syn
	A modification of the Wind patch which uses a pluck sound.

